
❯ check out the demo lab @demo-lab.md so see how we at poridhi create labs  
  for students. we are now creating labs for each model as a project. check 
  out the labs instructions for module -50 at                               
  @module-50\lab-instructions.md . The 3 folders are already created under  
  the module-50 folder. you will write the lab contents in the readme file  
  inside each lab folder. There are 3 labs in module 50 and each lab will   
  be a continuation of the previous labs. Inorder to proceed with the       
  implementattions of the previous labs, the studnets will use their own    
  github accout to pull the implemented contents of the previous lab. also, 
  a github repo link of the early implemented lab part done by poridihi     
  team will be provided in the lab doc. this is also done so that students  
  do not always have to implement all the previous labs in order to start   
  doing the current lab. Lets start with the lab-1 doc first at             
  @module-50\lab-1\README.md . remember to follow the lab instructions at   
  @module-50\lab-instructions.md                                            


❯ listen. i want you to understand something. what you wrote is ok but      
  looks like they are very much ai generated content. there is too much use 
  of bullet points in the way you have written. It looks very much          
  informative when you write it in points but we dont always need that.     
  instead it is prefered to explain things in a paragraph or explain        
  something using multiple paragraphs if required. i mean of course you can 
  use points if required but dont over use it. dont make the doc look       
  robotic. make it look more natural as if it is written by a very          
  knowledgeable and teachable person who knows how to explain things in     
  simple english. i have omitted a lot unnecessary things in                
  @module-50\lab-1\README.md .so reread it again before making changes i    
  asked you to do.                                                          

❯ oh and one more thing, in the step by step implementation part, do not    
  use doc strings or multiline comments. it looks really odd. fix it        

❯ Alright, my lab-1 is done. take a look at @module-50/lab-1/README.md      
  again to finally how i have done it. however, architecture diagrams for   
  lab-1 is still left, which we shall come back later. Let us now focus on  
  lab-2. you can find the lab instructions here at                          
  @module-50/lab-instructions.md for lab-2. try to also maintain the        
  instructions i have you earlier regarding how you should write the lab    
  contents. start here @module-50/Lab-2/README.md                           

❯ you should also tell it in the instructions to start the databases using  
  docker same as lab-1. also you skipped the load balancer part. it should  
  be shown again same as lab-1. image-1 and image.png are two pitctures of  
  the load balancers in lab-2. fix all these please.                        

❯ moreover, can you please give a check on lab-1 if you have implemented a  
  part of code of lab-2 in advance in lab-1                                 
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ moreover, can you please give a check on lab-1 if you have implemented a  
  part of code of lab-2 in advance in lab-1? i am asking you this because   
  lab -2 or next labs codes will only be implemented in the next labs. no   
  need to implement it in advance. this is really really important to       
  ensure. Moreover, One more very important thing, since each of the labs   
  are a continuation of the previous ones, when you modify/change/add a     
  file, only add what you are adding or modifying. add the entire modified  
  file because the changes are not clearly noticed by the learners because  
  of this. now when you are adding a entire new file, thats a different     
  case. so fix these issues of lab-2 as well.                               

❯ in lab-2, in the implemented codes, you should indicate in comments which 
  parts are you newly adding.                                               

❯ now start with lab 3 
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ always understand that what ever the user did in lab-1 will not be there  
  in lab 2. because lab-2 will be a newly created vm than the lab-1. so for 
  example, during the tests in the lab-2, users should be registered again  
  before testing the login endpoints, please make necessary changes where   
  necessary in lab-2                                                        


❯ in lab 2, when i click authorization button, it asks for username,        
  password, client_id, client_secret. where should i paste the access       
  token?                                                                    

❯ for the method 1, i dont see any field that says value or bearer token. 
